way this is going to work. We've done this several times with Bob, is we've chosen four companies to go first and kind of kick us off. And I'll tell you what those four are going to do. And then after that, we're going to open it up and anyone who wants to volunteer can do the same thing.
And or just ask general questions. So the thing that I would like these four to do is introduce yourself and your company really briefly. So for like 30 seconds, what do you do?
What are the clusters you found in your why before the why?
And which one are you going after and why?
And then any problems that you have or like issues that Bob can help you with thinking through your final analysis of your jobs to be done.
So the first one that I'd like to go is opal.
Morgan. So just introduce yourself and your business. Tell Bob about your clusters, which one you're going after, any issues that you're having that he can help you with. Everyone else should be listening after these first four go.
We'll open it up. Anyone can go or you can just ask general questions about the framework or anything you want to know from Bob.
Yep.
one one point of order before Morgan starts. Bob Jake joined us last week in person.
Yeah.
And each of the companies presented their insights on their process for applying jobs to date.
Yep.
And we tore into them.
Good.
And Jake specifically did that. So Jake, I don't know if you want to give Bob any context from what you learned.
But if you want to do that, this is your time. And then we're going to get in.
Yeah.
I got nothing. I'm excited.
All right, cool. We're good.
So the one thing I'll add is the fact this is you really actually want to pay attention. One of the reasons why I insist that everybody's here is that when we start talking about one problem, you're going to go like, oh my God, I have that problem. And then we're talking about another problem, you're like, oh my gosh, I have that problem too. And so you start going to realize that everybody's conversation is going to actually help you. So I would tell you not to tune out, but to more like try to try to assimilate and have some empathy towards kind
of what their problem is, because you'll start to realize you might have this problem as well, but you didn't even know it. Or it's
Bob, just so you know, like this class has stood out to us out of all 12 that we've run so far.
Okay, for what reason?
like they actually understand the assignment.
Okay.
So they show up, they're attentive, they're not multitasking on their devices. They're not passively listening until it's their turn.
they're all engaged, right, everybody?
Yeah. So.
We all in? Okay, good. All right.
So Neil, I just have to ask, you look 10 years younger. What the fuck just happened?
I just shaved. That's all. I just chopped it off. That's all. You know, remember?
You look like a little kid, my friend. That's great.
I know. Yeah. I need a lollipop.
I like it. I like it.
Thank you.
That's awesome. That's a great look.
Thanks, man.
Sorry, I just, I couldn't figure it out. I'm like, what is going on?
That's great. That's great. All right. Opal, you're up. Let's go.
Game on.
Hi, Bob. Nice to meet you. I'm Morgan Stanton. I'm the CEO of Opal Therapeutics. So our company is working in women's health. Specifically, we are a uterus and a dish biotech startup. So we are developing a novel therapeutics and platform to understand female biology for R&D.
Mm-hmm.
So the screening criteria that we had was looking for CXOs at biotech or pharma companies with a focus women's reproductive health.
that have hired a contract research organization. So this is just an organization that does scientific experiments for you if you don't have a lab.
Yep, yep.
And they're not using animal models, so no rats or monkeys or anything like that.
Okay.
So I got through 14 interviews.
Wow.
I have four clusters.
And the first one, the cluster, I said the quote I got was people don't think I'm shady. They were hiring CROs
Yep.
not really to validate the science, but essentially to get the brand name of the CRO on their company. Like the biggest one in the space is Charles Rivers Laboratory. Like they wanted Charles Rivers on their deck to make people feel better. And this is very much.
So I don't have enough credibility. If I actually have this, other people can recognize what it is and it's giving me credibility
And ultimately, it's making me legitimate.
Got it.
Yes, exactly. So that was the first one. Cluster number two, the quote was none of it could, the work could be outsourced. No one worked with menstrual blood.
Essentially, especially these groups in women's health.
Mm-hmm.
Yep.
they're doing some kind of new technology with menstrual effluent. They couldn't find a CRO to do the work or like the CRO didn't want to do it. They'd never done it before. They were unsure. So a lot of these labs have actually done the work internally, decided not to go with the CRO. They couldn't find it, do it on their own.
Question three.
So wait, I just want to make sure. So this one is literally like we do it. We only do it because we have to do it. We didn't know there was anybody else who would do it.
Yes. And actually, part of it isn't true. I actually found some CROs that do do it, but they're hard to find. They don't advertise much about it. So you'd have to put in a lot of work.
Yep. Yep.
Yep.
Cluster three was three
Do you know a good model for endometriosis, like the specific disease? And this was kind of a larger problem with understanding the regulations of the FDA.
Yep.
They were trying to study a disease but like
couldn't understand the FDA's guidelines or the FDA's regulations. And they were trying to ask me, they were just trying to like desperately find information for making sure their product went through the FDA cleanly.
Yep.
Number four was I want convenience and validation for my customers. So they are building a product that's going directly to consumers and they want
Okay.
some kind of thing on their Amazon ad or their website ad that makes customers feel safe about using their product that's been tested in a lab, clinically validated, so forth. So they were working with a CRO to help with their marketing and storytelling of their product.
Got it. So the difference between one and four is
Exactly. Yes.
I need credibility from others in the industry versus four is I need credibility for the customers. They need to feel safe. So they're very different because they're different notions of bring me credibility.
Yes, yes.
By the way, that's a master's degree in jobs, just that subtlety and knowing how to separate that
Awesome. Awesome.
Thank you.
So, so…
Where do you think you're going to start?
And why?
So the kind of insights I gained from this um
Yep.
was that we were going to start offering some new services geared towards, I would say, the wellness category. So even though these were in the biotech women's health space, some of these products were not like traditional science or biotech. They were falling more into like menstrual products. And so offering services geared towards
this kind of sector, this wellness category more than traditional biotech. And they would actually be a faster turnaround time. Like a traditional biotech
you're doing a project for a couple months, something like that.
Yep.
This category, you need less. So it could be a turnaround time in a couple weeks. It'd be a little bit cheaper. And we don't have to change much about our platform. It's more of just
marketing it towards them, these quick experiments we can do.
So that's a combination of job two and job three.
Yes. Yeah.
Yeah, I would agree with that. I think jobs one and four, you can build over time, but you need to build credibility and make sure you have a high standard to actually earn it. So it takes time to do that where two and three are both, they're almost immediately immediate struggle moments where they don't want to do it. They didn't even know they could outsource it. And it might be simply just making them aware that it is outsourceable in this way.
Right. Where do you
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Cause yeah, I don't, I'm not going to be Charles River's lab like overnight. So that's something I can't do immediately.
Right. And three is really about, I have a patient or I have this thing, I want to know more about it deeper, faster. So save me the time of having to navigate all the FDA stuff. Like, give me the cliff notes. Help me understand. And where's your boundaries of expertise?
Yep.
Yeah.
Exactly. And so that was the other point was knowing the FDA, like I know some of the FDA regulations relative to mine company, but knowing even more, like really almost have like a booklet of FDA and really reducing the pain point for the client in that sense, even if it doesn't mean like I get their work like immediately, they'll remember us as like, oh, they knew their stuff about government regulations in the space.
Yeah. And what I would say is that at some point in time, and this is very similar in banks and other industries where it's like, there's just certain things they don't need to be in and certain things they have to be in. And ultimately that they're choosing to focus, which means that then this is actually a way bigger opportunity because if they're not focusing on this, then they need a place to have this lab work done or this knowledge to
to sit as a supplement to what they're doing.
And so you find that the two and three are kind of the places that I would double down on and with the goal of basically getting one and
And four, as kind of as we get scale.
Okay. Okay.
Because I think that's how I would look at it.
And is this customer facing or is this professional facing or both?
It's mostly professional facing. I don't work with any concerns.
Yes, that's what it's felt like. Okay.
Because I think like having done a lot of work in this space, to be honest, there is a very, so there's a couple of things I'll tell you about. So I worked on adult female incontinence, right? And the aspect is, is.
Hmm.
This is a problem that nobody talks about. Nobody even shares with their sister that they have these problems. And so they go almost through this entire process of this alone because they don't, one, want to tell anybody and two is they don't know what to do or how to do it. And so there is a very large consumer piece to this, especially when they because they don't know much about it and they want to learn more about it.
And they don't know how to talk about it.
And so would you say in that sense, it's more of like kind of like thought leadership, like even like sources of info on our website like
I don't even know if it's thought leadership. It's more like, because again, you could say the FDA is on the thought leadership side of putting together what's there. It's more like, give me a place to go so I can understand what the hell they're even saying.
Okay. Okay. Yeah.
I think it's more about translation from the technical
high risk, you know, like doctors talk to you like they're they're lawyers
Yeah.
And how do you actually try to talk to them as just normal human beings?
Got it. That makes sense.
And I do like the vertical focus on women's health and the uterus because I just feel like it's a very unique positioning and like nobody, nobody has kind of
claim that space per se. And it's really a space that needs to be really focused on. So I think it's a great
It's a good start for sure.
Thank you.
So do you have any questions?
I mean…
If I'm going down this like uh offering
Awesome.
One of the other things I wanted to do was basically doing jobs to be done for these research groups. Again, the space is kind of new, like in a sense, this women's health, like people are doing new things, right? So I can't, it's hard for me to offer a standardized set of experiments for everyone. I can't have a couple, but a lot of people are going to want some flexibility.
Yes.
Yep.
So knowing how to use jobs to be done to kind of like make sure we don't do too much or kind of like
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think this is a case of like, I think you actually want to have standard products
Okay.
Because having done work in the research realm.
they actually don't know what they want and they're going to actually make it as complicated and as biased as possible to their data.
Okay.
And so my thing is, is that at some point you'll end up being a customized shop
As opposed to like, look, we can take this stuff off your plate.
And ultimately what they'll do is they, and then you can start to say, well, if you want this and this and this, that's extra. So you can at least start to charge for those things that are absurd or
out of the box.
Okay, okay.
But I would tell you to scale is you're better off trying to get rid of the stuff that they don't want to do than do the stuff that they can't do.
do the stuff they don't want to do.
And do this.
Not the stuff they can't do. So I can't do these tests. Could you do these tests? It's kind of like they're the anomaly of it, but it's more like, no, I'm doing these tests. I don't want to do these tests anymore. Can you do them for me?
Okay, that makes sense.
Because if you go into doing the test they can't do, it's going to become a long tail of a lot of stuff.
Agree.
And so I think especially early on, you being able to focus as close as possible to like a set of four or five different things, knowing that there might be 10 or 20 of them, but to realize like these are the essential four or five that we have that, that, that almost anybody could buy that one if they wanted it.
Okay. Okay.
Bye.
Because the market will push you to customize and to be like, think of
My example is like Warby Parker. When Warby Parker started, they didn't do anything complicated in glasses. They did single vision, $95, and they grew like crazy.
And then what they did is they built equipment to help you actually do progressive lenses and some of these other things. And after that, then they started to get sunglasses and multifocal and other things. And they did it by actually technology innovation
that then help them actually learn how to measure people's eyes better.
Okay.
So I would say stay simple as long as you can.
Yeah, that was my biggest question. This is incredibly helpful. Thank you.
Yep. Cool.
All right, Morgan.
I know you can let it go.
Thank you. You're on the right track. I give you an eight or a nine out of 10 on jobs. That's a very high score for me.
Wow, that's a huge deal.
Thank you very much.
All right, Morgan, I'm glad we started with you. That was really great, really solid. Thank you for sharing.
Yeah, please.
Can I just tell people why she was so one is she could talk about the clusters
in a very, very succinct way and that I could understand them and that there were subtleties between kind of like that one and one in four that kind of can look similar, but they actually feel really different. And so that the high score is because you're able to kind of separate one and four where most people might like if they're more junior, they would probably keep one and four together.
Because they feel similar, but they're actually not.
Yeah, a lot of nuance. And I agree, Morgan, you were very succinct with how you could explain, which demonstrated a very deep knowledge
Yep. Thank you.
Great job. Okay, cool. I'm going to take you off this spotlight.
Next is Annie. This is Annie from Reliable.
Okay.
Hello, can you hear me okay? There's a little bit of
Oh, you're muted. I can't hear you.
It's really faint. Do you have
Do you have the right mic on?
I think there's a bit of construction going on. So maybe somebody might want to go first.
There you go.
Yeah, we can swap you out. You can…
No, we can hear you now. We can hear you now. We can hear you now.
It just, it had to warm up.
Okay. All right. If it gets weird, just let me know. So yeah, so I'm the CEO at Reliable. We are doing uh
Mm-hmm.
data annotation as a software or as a service. And we help to improve algorithmic outputs by bringing
users into the data annotation pipeline. So typically.
Yep.
Data annotation is sent overseas to be done by people who are oftentimes overworked, underpaid, or done by in-house data scientists.
who also don't have a lot of context about the data that they're labeling.
Yep.
So users were basically
handling them as subject matter experts.
Yep.
So our jobs will be done. We've done a total of 12.
Yeah.
But the caveat to that is the first five we actually scrape because once we got past the fifth interview, we realized that we wanted to
Yep.
Yeah. Yep.
pivot our screening criteria quite significantly. That was a goal of our jobs to be done was actually to identify our go to market vertical. So the screening criteria that we landed on
Yep.
was senior decision makers such as CEOs, CTOs, heads of engineering who have hired or developed in-house solutions for data annotation or content recommendation in the past six months.
and then the
And what would be some of the other products that they would be using or services they would be using?
Yes. So commercial products may include hive scale ai
Yep.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Spectrum Labs, AWS Mechanical Turk, or Salmosource. So those were ones that were oftentimes named in the interview.
Yep, perfect.
All right. And so how did those interviews turn out?
They turned out really well. So I think the key cluster that we want to dive further into, but a key cluster that allowed us to kind of create this pivot
was that content recommendation accuracy is key to my company's success.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So that was huge because that was huge
before we weren't really sure like what type of algorithm we would help with for these consumer tech companies. We were actually leaning more towards content moderation.
But we found that content recommendation was on the roadmap for almost every
company we talked about and it was top priority because
that was a key metric that they had to deliver was user engagement, keeping users on the platform so
So yeah, so that was a big one for us and we want to dive more into the subtleties of that.
And this is more of a almost a fundamental process they have to have in place in order to deliver on all that stuff. And so if they don't have a good system for it, despite what they're putting in, it's actually garbage in, garbage out.
Yes, exactly. And so they all, so most of them, some of them were just
developing a content recommendation system, but a lot of them had pre-existing content recommendation systems but weren't satisfied with them and were looking for ways to improve it.
Got it. And they were using everything from a range of hiring Mechanical Turk to basically buying a tool that would make it easier for them to kind of do this.
Yeah, and actually a lot of them because the next cluster is that tagging is difficult and costly and context is needed to do it well. So we found that actually a lot of the firms didn't trust outsourcing it.
That's great.
to a lot of those firms. So a lot of them had just turned to doing it in-house.
So the big struggling moment is like, I don't know, like mechanical trick. I just don't know half of it's garbage that comes in comes like I got to clean it up again anyway. So we're back.
Right.
We get ourselves because we don't want to do it twice.
Right. And I think for us, that's key feedback we got during our presentation of this is that in our next, you know, as we continue these interviews, really diving into some of the subtleties of what those struggling moments are. But yeah, it was that
Like, so for one example, one on cluster two one group
Okay.
said that they had a ton of posts about Taylor Swift on their platform, but Mechanical Turk just labeled them all as woman. And so if you looked up woman, you just got a bunch of Taylor Swift posts and it just didn't work for their platform.
So it's like the vagueness and the lack of
nuance in labeling.
Yeah, so this is where I would be, I'd almost try to segment this work
to like um
Okay.
what's the what's the work that's just almost like they need, but the fact is, is it's like, it's so basic that they like, it's almost like try to find the things that they're willing to like offload 50% of the load
Because they can trust you to get that 50% done. And then over time, you can kind of migrate up to doing 100% of it. Because think of it this way. It's like, these are a bunch of people who don't really want to do it themselves, can't find anybody else to do it well.
I'm willing to outsource it if I can actually get assurances that it works.
But they're not going to start with all of their data at once. They're going to start with like, give me some, you know, show me you can do this. And some people are going to want to start on the tough end. And some people are going to want to start on the easy end.
And I'm going to tell you to start on the easy end because they would rather get rid of all that extra stuff that they don't have to do so they can do the customized stuff. And then you can learn from them how to actually do it more better and better for them.
But trying to be perfect out of the hat will be a disaster.
Yes. And that's actually one comment. And I wasn't quite sure if it was a cluster. We kind of like put it into this cluster too, but I think like some of the feedback you were giving to Morgan, I could see how we could break it into a separate cluster. There were people that said specifically for socially complex data, so data around
Yeah.
That's right.
LGBTQ, race, gender, sexuality, they didn't want to do that like they just didn't want to label it. And that's where our expertise lies. So yeah, for one of our first customers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
we're labeling month by month and then each month we're focusing on a very specific set of data. So the first month we're focusing on like women's health data.
Yeah, yeah. So that's where I think this is like, you have to realize that the
people are going to have to get comfortable with you. So you're going to have to design an onboarding process to kind of get comfortable with the data and to show your limits. But over time, they're just going to literally just want to, they're almost going to push you too hard to take more than you can handle. And you want to make sure that you at least have some
Because again, they're going to want to, as soon as they know you can take it, they're going to want you to take it as fast as possible. But there's some stuff that's more complicated than others. And so being able to have like almost categories of data to say like, well, we can take this and do it for this amount, but at this amount, we have to do it. We need more context, blah, blah, blah. It's more expensive. But I would actually make sure you're pricing it based on kind of the complexity of the context that has to be wrapped around the
Oh, I love that.
the knowledge.
Yes.
Because some people are going to want you to basically do like just basic stuff that you can do. And it's like, it's really not value added, but to them, it's extremely value added. So even though it's not hard, it's the fact that you can do it better than anybody else. Like you have to realize like.
that's where you're going to have to start.
Okay. Okay.
That's my suggestion, because I think starting at the higher end, you're going to have to jump through so many other hoops to show you can do it.
Hmm.
Where if you can just take 50% of the work off the plate right now on the simpler stuff, they'll go like, please take it.
Okay, I like that. So maybe…
you know, a combination of
So you're saying like for the more complex
tasks like work our way up to that.
Okay.
That's right. That's right. But I like the separation also between, look, um.
I need it to be more accurate.
Yeah.
And so there's like, think of it as what are the accuracy features you can talk about versus the notion of
you can actually do this better than we can, which is a different set of features.
Right.
Whereas each job, you got to kind of look at and say, what feature, like you might have 20 features, but what features are you going to, what are the five features you're going to talk about in job one versus job two? And then in the sales process, as you're talking to them, try to make sure you can actually put them in which job they're in. So then you know what features to talk about.
Okay, yes.
Yep. Yep.
Yep.
And are those jobs things that we can actually determine through the interviews if we really dive into some of these things? So like what specifically are you hiring AWS to do? What specifically are you hiring
That's right. Like why AWS did not mechanical turk or why Mechanical Turk and not Hive?
Like, and it might be no.
Okay.
Yeah.
right but like like so one of the things I might recruit on is that you looked at
Several, two or more.
alternatives to basically outsource this and you pick and you picked and chose one
So ultimately you can get how they made the decision and what they, because this is a very much an emotional decision to make. It's a functional decision around accuracy, but ultimately when it's wrong, it's literally emotional to say like, now our data is all kind of compromised.
Yeah. Yeah. That's such a good point because that was that was i think
my struggle and what I want to get better at on the future interviews was to
figure out where that emotional
piece came in and it really was the
the results. I think actually we did an interview with Cognoscope who's seen our thing, and they said it was a horrible feeling when I realized this was all wrong and I had to redo it. So, okay.
That's great.
yeah yeah and so by the way, that's the thing that's the thing you want to actually start advertising about is like, so how many times have you actually put all the data in and realize you need to do it over?
Like, let's stop like because you've got to start with the struggling moment because if you just say, hey, we can make your data better, like they might not even relate to the data that they actually had to redo as a problem.
Right?
Right. Yes.
So talk through their struggling moments of like, you know, how many times did you have to redo the data this month?
Hmm.
Yeah, and the
And just let it sit there. Don't answer it. But this is where I say questions create spaces in the brain for solutions to fall into.
Hmm.
So if we can actually ask them a question and not answer it, they're going to go like.
God, how many times did I have to redo the data? That was four times. God, that's a lot. We should do be better, right?
That's the kind of…
Right. Yeah. And we also have some some
Yes.
like some of our customers have been motivated by like bias as well like you know so like their users have been affected by bias or they've left the platform because of bias. So I think there's an emotional moment on both like
Yep.
the buyer's side and maybe the user side that we could tap into.
Yep, I think that's right.
Okay.
But it's understanding kind of what are the emotional triggers through it and and
what are the things they have to see to give them confidence that it's more accurate?
Yeah.
Like you can say you're more accurate, but that doesn't mean they believe you.
Right?
Yes. Yeah, that's actually something we're working on for demo day is like a quantifiable with our first customers, like how much of the accuracy are we able to improve?
So that's…
So yeah, so I would be careful with that because so the way clay
Clay would talk about this. I'm going to channel Clay for a minute. Clay Christensen, who's one of my mentors, he would say that, you know.
he would tell me that when he dies.
He's going to go to heaven, but the fact is there'll be no data in heaven. And I had to ask, why did he say this? And he basically would say, he's like, well, no one piece of data can tell you the entire truth of what's going on.
And so by all fact, then data is actually not telling the truth, which is a lie and all lies go to hell. So all data will be in hell when I die.
Mm-hmm.
I'm like, wait, what? And so this is where you had just have to be very conscious about, I know you want to try to find one metric, but it might have to be two metrics, but
What I would tell you, find the things that are meaningful to measure, not easy to measure.
Yeah. Okay.
Usually the meaningful things are hard to measure, but they actually make a big difference.
Okay, that's a that's
Huge insight.
That's a watch out. That's a red that's yeah
That's awesome. And do I have a little bit more time, lilliana, or for more questions?
Yeah, you can ask one more question, I would say.
Okay, cool. I think our last cluster
was that
They were talking about, I want my data labels to reflect my user interests, but I don't want to burden my users.
So that gave us, that was kind of something that gave us some insight on our product moving forward.
Ooh.
that basically they don't want the users to have to feel like they're doing something extra to get this additional insight. And so I was just kind of wondering like how do you, is that a cluster or is that more like a feedback?
So this is actually like what I would say is is um
it's a conflict between the buyer and the user.
So think of the customer and the consumer.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
And they don't want a burden. But what I will tell you is that for it to be meaningful to the customers, it's about asking the right set of questions in the right time and the right sequence to make it valuable to them.
Right. Right.
And so my aspect is as though they might want less friction. The reality is, is sometimes friction actually builds builds interest.
I love that.
And so this is where I would say that this is the customer is actually wrong
And they want it to be less friction. And what I'll tell you is that if we create a speed bump on the process of onboarding, people are way more likely to convert than if I actually just make it so easy to sign up and they don't remember why they signed up.
Hmm, I love that.
So this is where, so again, one of my mentors would say is every problem has two sides. And so it being
too easy or too hard is the opposite is being too easy. So the simple example is one of the things I did very early in the 90s or mid 90s was we'd have a program that would install so fast that people would install it four or five times because they didn't know it was installing. So we just literally created a GIF
that literally ran for 10 seconds so people knew it was actually installing.
Right, right.
And so it's that notion of creating a little friction that basically actually creates value. So this is where the subtlety is. They don't want to burden their customers, but at the same time, our consumers, but at the same time, it's the consumers, if they're really trying to make progress, they do want to be burdened a little bit.
Because that's how it adds value.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, and we've seen that in the research that actually when users participate in the machine learning pipeline, they trust AI more, they stay on the platform more.
Okay, that's a huge insight for us. So thank you.
This is awesome.
Got it. So I'm available LinkedIn as well. So everybody should just connect with me on LinkedIn. And all you do is you text me, got him in and I'll like, cause I'll, I'll remember everybody's project and then I can just, and I can give you five minutes here or there as you have you, if you have questions, but you got to be very diligent about the five, like two minutes for what the question is, one minute for what you're thinking about, and then two minutes for me to respond.
All right. Yes, definitely.
That's open for everybody on the call here.
LinkedIn.
That's what it is.
Thank you so much. I'll take you up on that.
Yep, thanks.
Thank you. Okay.
All right, lilliana.
Next is Dave from Evil Genius Games. Dave, are you on the line?
Yeah, I'm here.
All right. Are you ready?
Yeah, I wish you were.
Great.
By the way, I hope you're enjoying this because I literally look forward to this every single time I do this. I'd love to do this.
This is great. These are such rich insights. I hope you guys see how it's applicable to everybody. Like the past two, a lot of you can relate that to your own businesses too.
Hey, Dave, what's up, man?
Hey, how are you?
Good.
So I'm with Evil Genius Games. We actually make a tabletop role-playing game similar to Dungeons and Dragons.
Yeah.
Except for two fundamental differences. One is we have a modern day platform, which allows you to play
games like um
Yeah.
you know, play John Wick or Rambo instead of like an elf wizard or a gnome barbarian
And we use technology to be able to bring people together, right? So if you can't get around the dinner table to play, we have technology which allows anyone to play no matter where they are.
Yep.
So we had a couple of interesting observations.
So just making sure I get this, I can do it remotely. Like if my kids are in different cities or countries or wherever, we can literally have a game and do a board game. We could have game night.
So everybody's not in the same place.
Okay.
And that's the huge value proposition. A lot of our customers use it to stay in touch with family.
Yep, got it.
Zach, have a family game night.
But to do it virtually.
Yep, I love it.
Yeah. So our screening criteria was we're looking for people who purchased our game
which is called Everyday Heroes.
And are currently playing it. So they purchased it. They found five friends to play it, and they were actually playing it.
We had 20 interviews. They lasted about an hour each.
And across US, UK, and Australia.
Okay.
We had a couple of interesting commonalities that I just think are interesting is that almost everyone had the exact same origin story.
Thank you.
Meaning that they discovered Dungeons and Dragons when they were nine to 11 years old.
And that's how they got into the hobby.
And then they branched off from there so
Okay, so, so I got to pause you for a second because this is where it gets complicated because there's
There's the people who initiate it.
And then there's the people who got invited to it.
Yes.
And so you actually have to know one is who are the people who are actually taking the political risk to actually introduce this notion of getting everybody together? Because that's a unique breed of people.
Because it's kind of like, think of it as vacations. Vacations are the same way. 20% of the people plan the vacations. The other 80% just go on the vacation that 20% have planned.
And so you can't talk to the people who just went on vacation because they thought it was easy because somebody else did all the work to plan it.
Right.
So, Bob, I guess this is why you're a rock star, because that was my second observation.
My second observation is I'm a micro influencer within my friends group.
That's right. That's one of the jobs is that it's either I miss people and want to spend time with them and it's a way for me to spend time with them because I miss them. Or it's like, I want to be the catalyst to keep us together because that's what keeping us together is the most important thing. And so you start to realize there's several different kinds of reasons why people are trying to do these games. And it sounds like it's about the game, but it usually has nothing to do with the game.
Yeah, that's right. Yeah. And so what we found across all of our interviews is that every single one of them was a micro influencer.
They were the ones who saw themselves as the person who introduced new games into the group.
they found themselves usually selling
selling into the group like, hey, do this, play this game, don't play that game.
Yep.
And oftentimes they would actually run the game in order to play it. So they would actually take that leadership role, which is called the game master.
to actually run it because they wanted that game to actually
what we call fire. They want the game to fire or to happen
Yeah. And so they're adding kind of all the, they're the ones, they need control. Control is the other part of this thing, right?
So there's two points.
What do you mean by control.
There's two parts to this. One is what I would call loneliness. How much of this is about being lonely?
and missing people and how much of this is about me having a sense of control.
Hmm.
Again, think of it as they're taking the risk to pull everybody together
they don't want that to fall apart because somebody ran it wrong.
And so their notion of being able to get everybody together, they want that control piece usually is tied together with it.
Yeah, that's interesting. A lot of people, what we realized was that a lot of them had very specific criteria about who they wanted to play with.
That's right.
And so when they moved away.
there would be decades where they didn't play the game until they reunited with that person or that group of people
through this process.
Yep. And so part of this is it's almost like a reunion-ish in nature
Like, so this is the struggling moment is like, remember when you used to play with your friends at the games and now life has gotten away from you? Like, how do we actually build a, you know, at some point, like.
You know, when you're in your 20s, you have a lot of time, but when you're in your 30s, you usually don't have as much time. And it's kind of like, okay, I want to get back to those other days. And so it's this notion, they would call it nostalgic, but it's really about the fact of being able to actually have control to break away.
Hmm.
from their day-to-day stuff, right? But you need to interview the people who joined the game and the people who led the game separately. They're two completely different markets.
Okay.
And you can end up realizing that there are people who will join the game who can ruin it. That's why everybody is so like the person who's
setting up the game is really picky because they don't, they want it to work. And if somebody is too hard or to whatever, they're actually going to have criteria by how they do the first game. And my belief is over time, they'll probably bring in harder people that they can do, but they want to get it down before, let's say, we're not going to ask John this time because John will just bitch the entire time about this. So we're going to do this a couple of times and then we're going to ask John it.
Yeah, it's interesting. We also did fired interviews.
Yeah, yeah.
And what we found was the primary reason why
a game did not happen.
So these are people who bought the game but never played it.
Yeah.
was that they couldn't convince their friends to play it.
Yep. And so my belief is they're using the wrong words and they're using, they, they don't actually know why they're trying to get people together. And if you can actually
build the marketing pitch for them to say to their friends like, hey, remember when we used to do this? Hey, when we did that, like, how about this? It's like, so you actually need to give them almost a sales kit to help them sell other learners.
or other users or players.
So it's funny because I come from
And Parliament's got to have some guilt to it, right?
So for B2B marketing.
If you don't join, that's fine. But realize that like it's it's like it's like when we were kids, if you're not in, you're out.
Yep.
Yeah, so I was going to ask you, so I come from B2B marketing and where we talk about selling to the buying center. And so like you'll have like a collateral for the CSO or the CISO or the collateral for the CFO. When it comes to consumer, what does that sales kit look like? That's where I'm stuck.
That's what I'm saying is i think i think that there's two there's two two buyers
There's the buyer who wants to initiate the entire thing. And then they have to go recruit a set of people to come. And so we actually have to think about them as the buyer and the user.
Mm-hmm.
So I would actually say, what are the jobs of the buyer of the game and what are the jobs of the, because the other users are doing it to like reconnect, to spend some time together to
to figure out about their lives, right? It's like most people are looking at people through Instagram. It's kind of like, how do we actually, you know, start a conversation again instead of just seeing other people's lives through Instagram?
Yeah.
And so the thing is, is like this competes with things like fantasy football.
right this like like there's times where like, you know, who organizes the league and who actually is in the league? Like I want nothing to do with running a league.
I might play in a league, but I don't want anything to do with running a league, for God's sakes.
Do you know what I mean? So that's the kind of separation you want to think about.
And again, I think you're competing with
people who aren't necessarily interested in sports or they might be getting bored with sports and want to do something else. This is a really good alternative for that.
So the one reason why I think this is actually big is this is how many people want to play a game
with their friends, but can'
That to me is what I can answer that question and say like, ooh, that's probably a pretty big market of people who would love to play. And I think they do it through video games. But I think when you start to lose your video game skills.
You don't want to play anymore.
Yeah.
All right. Yeah.
And so all of a sudden you're left with something else and a little more intellectual, which is a little bit more mature.
And we have a lot of multi-generational people too. They're playing with their father. They're playing with their son.
Yep. Or brothers or sisters are playing because they're now farther apart and they can actually play. It's the equivalent, let's say when I was a kid, it would be like playing chess with a friend who's, you know.
I'll say letters away where we used to write letters and play chess. Yes, I did that. I'm sorry. I was a geek, but yes, that's true.
That's impressive.
Okay.
So, okay, so then your recommendation is I do jobs to be done on
players on users
I would think about the right name for basically the person who's leading it and then the people who join it.
Yeah.
And I would name it by how they name themselves. I'm the organizer or I'm the, I'm the game master or whatever. And so what's the jobs of the game masters versus the jobs of the participants?
Okay.
Yeah, we have this term in the industry called forever GM. They're the people who always are running the game because no one else will do it.
Well, and that might be part of the burnout is that you actually have to teach them how to actually pass the baton to somebody else because then they get sick of running it, but nobody else knows how to run it because he does such a good or he or she does a great job.
Yeah, yeah. That's actually one of the insights we found through Jobs to be done was
when people, so you could play a Dungeons and Dragons game for years
And the GM gets burnt out.
And then what they'll do is someone else will come in and go.
Let me run a game of Everyday Heroes. It's a palate cleanser.
Yep.
And that we think is our natural insertion point.
to an organization, to a party, an entity
that is 100% sold on our competition.
Yeah, so…
One of the things that I would think about, and again, this might be a side part, but it's kind of like.
When do people get together and when could they play the game together that then it like seeds it so they can do it apart? And so what I'm thinking is like.
Everybody's getting together for Thanksgiving. Let's do it at Thanksgiving dinner. We actually play it together. We see what it's like. And then all of a sudden it's like, now we can actually play it separately because we all know how the game works.
Yeah.
And so it's like, like, and I'm thinking like a reunion, I'm thinking like a golf outing. I'm thinking like a work retreat. I'm thinking about like places where you could
kind of get people together and say like, how do you, because I think introducing it in person will actually be easier than introducing it remotely, but maybe not.
So it's funny you say that there are over 500 weekend gaming conventions in the US alone.
Yeah.
And it is one of our primary
primary ways we adopt customers is that they try the game
at a weekend convention, they love it. They take um
Yep.
And then they convinced their family to go play it.
Yep. I think that's exactly right. I think that that sounds like a very
Because I just think the notion of learning it new and being able to get confident with it and knowing they can do it
Like they need almost like a place to try it without actually consequences. They don't want, to be honest, you don't want the first time you play it to actually be with your friends.
Interesting.
Because they're taking a big enough risk trying to get them back together to do something that they haven't done before.
Yeah, so the more confidence they've got that they can actually introduce it to their friends and enjoy, have a good time with it.
That's right.
the better they are.
Yep.
This is where you might build up tips and tricks for basically the game masters. And here's some things you can do to start up when you get advanced like
Cool. All right, Dave, kick us off.
Help them understand they're getting better and make sure that they're feeling the progress of every time they get together, it's another hour they spent with all their friends. Like you need to remind them of the progress they're making because at some point it's going to seem like it's a lot of work.
So one of the things that we were thinking about is reorienting our messaging around that game master. And then also we're going to hire a professional game master, this guy named Troy Lavalli.
Yeah.
He's got a YouTube following of millions of people.
to actually do a masterclass on creating an exciting and engaging game.
Yep.
As the game master and really sort of
covet that game master, that micro influencer
Because they're the ones that actually do bring in the five other players that are required.
hadn't thought about the idea of actually
doing that plus also focusing on the user
So that's interesting. That's an interesting insight.
So there's another angle to all this, which gets back to is can you start to get the game masters to be hired
Like I can hire a game master to run my event.
And so all of a sudden now it becomes a place where it's like, I don't even have to worry about it, but I've hired this guy. It's almost like we're going to do a dinner night. We're going to actually everybody order from wherever the dinner is. We're going to talk through this. And then the game master comes in and runs the game so I can play just like everybody else.
Yeah, we actually have 110 professional volunteer game masters that are at our disposal.
Wow.
that can be hired through an app that we created called Dispatch.
So one of the questions I might start asking people is.
who do they miss the most?
today.
Because that's the signal. That's almost the thing of like, God, what can I do to get closer to that person?
And so all of a sudden this becomes then the, again, the question creates the space in the brain for the solution to fall into is like.
Who do you miss the most and what are you going to do about it?
And just let it lie.
This is where most…
Yeah, what we also found, we also found is this is a really good tool for finding new friends. So we had a lot of interviews where people
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're coming and going, hey, I just moved to Austin. Don't know anyone
And then I found my gaming group and then I had a set of friends in this new area.
That's right. So again, the good angle on that is buy a list of people who just moved to a certain area.
right like because again, it's the move-in club. Like go find the moving club for Austin and say, all right, who like just moved here? What am I going to do? And you basically get on their registry.
There you go.
That's cool.
Right.
One of the reasons why we decided not to move is because it's so hard to make new friends. I don't want to move to Salt Lake City or Phoenix and go like, I got no friends.
Right?
That's so true. Dave, we have one more question before you have to wrap.
No, I think this is great. Thank you very much.
Okay, perfect.
I love it. Thank you.
Thanks, Bob.
Thanks, Dave. Next is collab
We're going to put them up here.
Hi, guys.
Why?
Hi, Bob. Hi, Bob. Hi, my name is Talitha and I'm the CEO of Collab and this is my co-founder, Flo. Nice to meet you. And what we're doing is basically for the small teams that manage short-term rental properties.
They're overburdened with responding to repetitive guest inquiries and being on call 24 seven to handle all of their guests.
Yep.
And so we've developed an AI-powered pocket concierge called anna
And what she does is that she supports both the small teams as well as the guests as well.
by providing them with property information, local recommendations, executes on service requests.
And also basically reroutes
the complaint straight to the team for them to handle it.
So the purpose is that she's really trying to provide operational efficiency to the team and a delightful experience.
Yep. And it's mostly for Airbnb and VRBO, places like that. And it's
I might own a few of them. So it's me. It's somebody who might own a couple of these different properties and it's just balancing
like the workflow between trying to basically rent these properties all the time.
Got it.
Exactly. Yes. And taking care of all those guests that are coming and staying. Yeah.
So it could be exact.
Got it. So have you talked to customers?
Good.
Yes. So we've conducted quite a few done interviews.
And we came up with four clusters.
So the first one is my team's expertise is being wasted. So this is primarily for property management companies that have quite large portfolios.
And they feel like their team should be reallocating their time towards more impactful work so that they can be utilizing their skill set better.
Yep.
So this is the first one. The second one is
The newbies are encroaching and I don't want to lose out to them. So this is a different set. This is for individual hosts and family or micro businesses that only have like a few properties that they manage.
And they're feeling the pressure of seeing like a whole new set of amateur hosts that are entering the marketplace.
And they feel the pressure of setting themselves apart.
from the competition that's rising.
Got it. Okay.
The third one is uh-huh
So is two also the case where they're seeing less rentals, they've got less performance, they see more competition
It's like, okay, what else do I have to do? And they can't seem to find an edge to kind of figure out how to get it back to the level they had or they just feel the competition, but they haven't seen any real differences yet.
Yeah, so they haven't really seen the differences or like impact on their actual business per se
It's more a feeling that this is getting tougher. I better step up my game.
So, okay.
Thank you.
Exactly. That's it. And they really want to set themselves apart as being more professional than all those newbies that just
decided to become a
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the other part is to help legitimize me and make me seem more professional than everybody else.
Got it.
That's it. Exactly, because you have to remember these individual hosts and micro businesses, they're competing against other amateurs, but also they're competing against the large OTAs like booking.com and stuff. So they're trying to drive more direct bookings, make themselves seem more professional, like you said.
Yep, yep. They're trying to legitimize themselves. Okay, that's two. All right. Three.
Yeah, number three is I'm glued to my phone 24 seven. So this is actually across the board from property management companies to also the micro businesses.
Essentially, it's not the volume of questions that's the issue here. It's that they're constantly being disrupted and their day is just broken up all the time.
They feel like the pressure of being on
24 seven because of all the ad hoc questions that come their way from morning to night.
Got it. Yeah.
And the last one is my small team feels overwhelmed, but I don't want to hire more.
This group is once again property management companies
Yeah.
And the key thing here is that they're trying to drive more cost efficient operations, and that can come from two places. Either one, they're having financial constraints as a business
Or they're trying to like scale their operations, but they don't want to hire more people. They just want to keep up.
Yeah, this is where they want to do more with the same.
That's it. Yes, exactly. That's the statement. Yeah, yeah.
So one is like, this is my team is doing a bunch of stuff below what they should be doing
Somebody's got to do it, but it's like, if we could get this off their plate, because they should be outselling, they should be out doing other things. They shouldn't be answering some of these basic questions. So help me get my team to work it the way I see is the top of their profession, as opposed to having them to do everything from soup to nuts.
Yes, exactly.
Two is literally I'm a newbie, but I feel pressure, but I want to actually seem more professional than the other newbies and help me legitimize my practice so i actually
will differentiate myself by being seen as more of a professional than just an amateur doing this.
Three is I'm stuck to my phone and I just can't like, like, there's just so much going on. I don't have a breath. Give me a way to like break away from my phone or at least give me some breaks so I don't have to be on the phone 24 seven.
And the last one is help me do more with less. Help me do more with the same or less.
Yes. One thing I just want to add about number three is it's once again, not the amount, but rather I want to be able to spend time with my family, go to a wedding with me on my phone.
I want to be able to unplug and kind of just like spend time, spend quality time, right?
Yeah, with other things in my life. Get back my life.
So I don't have to it's really so I don't have to worry so much so I can actually go do these other things.
Yes, like…
It's not really about what they're going to do. It's like, just make sure you free time for me.
That's it. I want to work out. I want to spend time with my family, all these other things. Yeah.
Yeah. Been there.
And just to look on cluster too, the people that were in that cluster, they're actually not newbies themselves. So they are actually already established in the market and then they see all the new people that come in and they want to now set themselves in part.
legitimize themselves compared to the newbies.
Yep. All right.
where do you want where do you think you should focus?
Yeah, so we did quite a deep dive analysis in the past days because we wanted to really weigh the positives, negatives.
Yeah, yeah. It's…
like we have access so
what we decided actually is
number one would be the one that we would go after.
And the primary reason there is that
these people are really, really having the strongest
one of the stronger struggling moments. So they want to progress their business, but they can't.
Because the people are not being utilized in the way they should be.
Yep.
Number two and three, the reason why we kind of
thought maybe not, but we'd love to hear your thoughts. Is that actually we felt this
the pools were way stronger than the pushes.
So the want to be perceived professional, that was like a really strong pull
Yeah.
But not such a strong push because competition is there all the time. So it wasn't like
Yeah, that's why I don't like two is two is kind of a it's a realization and it's not, there's no big trigger event to it. And so it kind of seeps in and finally like, okay, I got it. And they're just going to
reach for like a whole bunch of different things and they're not going to really, they're not going to know which one's which, but like if you actually help with one and three
Like they'll find two will find you, but I wouldn't design for two.
Yeah, yeah. And the number three, the hesitations we have there, once again, actually, yes, there is a push, but there is quite a lot of inertia there. So people are like, yeah, but it's okay. They're willing to almost accept
The fact that this is part of their job and
Yes, a guest might call them at 9 p.m. So they are almost like, let's not fix what's not broken.
So that's why we were a bit hesitant with number three or wanting to hone in on number three. Once again, the pull actually outweighs the push.
that's, yeah, that's from
I think there's a big push in three.
Okay.
But one of the big pushes here is like, I don't have enough time to spend with my family. I feel like I'm alone all the time. There's a lot of big emotional push around three, in my opinion, but it might not be exactly the same, but I feel like I've seen this job in other places and it's.
It's they don't want to tell you about the push. They only talk about the pull, but there's actually a lot of push when you really digest it.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel like with some of the conversations, we definitely felt it. I think Jake just put it in the chat. One person said, you know, I went to my yoga workout class on a Saturday and had nine missed calls from the guest and I can't even work out for one hour. So there's definitely some where we felt stronger pushes, but others where we felt the pull was way stronger.
I want to make my…
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I would tell you that the ones I want to go after is I want the ones where there's a lot of push
Yeah.
And there might be a little pull, but you can actually shape the pull. But if there's a lot of pull and there's no push, it's one of those things where you end up in having trouble because
Like it's all aspirational and they can't compare it against something they do today.
Mm-hmm.
And so that's why like two is hard to sell to because it's all aspirational
Yeah.
And it's not really like they don't know what better is, but like three is like, yeah, I'm on my phone all the time. Now I'm not on my phone all the time. This is great.
Right. Yeah.
Very, very clear.
So I think one is
How do I say this?
So one is where the person who's running the rental business is literally buying this for their team.
Yes. Yeah.
Okay.
And typically, this is where you have to position it against like what's holding you back? Why aren't you growing? How can you do more with like, I think one in four are actually very similar in that sense.
Yes, that was going to be a question of ours, whether you think they belong together? Is it one class a week?
No, I think they're, so think of one is I'm buying this for my team and I'm pushing it on my team.
Four is like, meaning I want them to figure out what to do with it, where four is like, it's very simple. I want to be able to add three more rental properties and not have to add any more people. It's very simple.
And it's very different to me.
Right.
I personally would start with three.
Okay.
Because here's the thing is, one of the main reasons is if I can design it
to understand how to get people to get
off the phone, it will feed all the other jobs.
And if you don't have that intimacy of understanding what are the little day-to-day things that they're answering that they don't really need to answer anymore that you can automate.
it will then feed to one in four as well.
And we'll feed the feed to two. But if I can't solve three, I'm not sure I can help anybody else.
That's the…
Right. Because it's a commonality across the three.
Yeah.
It's the commonality about it. And it's like, and here's the thing is it's the easiest sell because they're buying it for themselves
Funny enough, our first customers are in three, but we thought that was just like a fluke chance.
Yeah. Well, no, it's typically because, again, in one in four, it's somebody buying it for somebody else where in three, they're buying it for themselves.
and making it work. And once they make it work, they'll then either push it to one or they'll push it to four.
Okay.
But my belief is most of these people, so like, so here's the ad I basically came up with, which is going to break first, your rental business, your family or your health?
Ooh.
Right? And they can relate to that.
Mm-hmm.
And the thing is, is how do we give you time to work out? How do we get time to spend quality time with your family? This isn't about being covered. This is about getting back to some form of balance.
Yeah. Yeah. People there generally said, I want my life back
Yep.
That was like the big one of the statements that we heard in
And by the way, what will people pay to have their life back?
A lot, yeah.
a lot more than basically to just make sure I'm like in job two, it's a nice to have and three, it's an essential.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Question about cluster one. So the reason why we felt like there was a really strong push as well is because these people basically they go through solutions. They actively look for it. They really are
also tend to be a bit more tech
Yep, yep.
forward really go after it, whereas in cluster three
it's still very um
mostly very analog, so they haven't digitized yet. So there is a bit of a
Yeah, you're competing with Excel.
Yes.
That's it.
The thing is you're competing with Excel. To be honest, you're competing with the intern.
Hmm.
And so this is where you have to realize that
Three is in a case where it's not an intern or it's not, it's not Excel. It's like, I need to actually get something to help me get off of these things. And one is kind of like they're doing this. It's not great, but like, I don't know of any better alternative.
You still have to prove yourself more in one where I think three, you're going to actually, if you can just
literally save them five minutes a day, they'll be happier than any, like if you get to an hour, they're going to be ecstatic.
And so, like, again, if I'm starting, I would start in three because I can know what to build and what to really focus on because I have the buyer and user in the same moment. And then I can figure out, and it might be three months later, then you can launch one and then you launch four. And you might think about it and have them be different products.
like this is three might be, you know.
personal and basically when you go to job one, it becomes like, you know, kind of the team side and then
Four is about the corporate side or something like that.
So you have the same basic product, but it now has different names so they can actually understand which situation they're in. So they buy by product.
But…
So you actually for like an intercom basically ended up forming four products around each job
And then basically then said, which product do you need based on these struggling moments? And then they could actually figure out what they wanted because it was
very different products.
Okay, interesting. Yeah.
But I know most people want to build one product to fit all, but my belief is if you build three, you'll know how to build it all. If you build one, you'll still have trouble trying to get to three.
Because…
Think of one, the reason why I don't like one and this is a bad way to say it is like.
I've built enough product here where people just force it onto the team because like you guys are doing what you should be doing. Here's what it is. And they just throw it to them. And so the implementation on the other side is usually way harder than than job three, where it's somebody who really wants to make, they're internally motivated where one is they're externally motivated by their boss.
collab. We have time for one more question from you guys.
Do we have any other questions? I think you've answered everything already. Do you want to ask
That's amazing.
I was just going to ask like
Do you think we should put into our mind the fact that number three, they're a little harder to access? So these are individual hosts and micro businesses, and it's quite hard to find them as well as to actually get to them.
Okay.
Versus number one, where the discoverability is much easier.
That's a great point. That is a great point.
And to be honest, if you can't crack the way to get access to them, then the fact is that it's really not even available to you.
No.
Okay.
So here's the way I would think about it then is I would design it for three and maybe try to sell in one and three simultaneously and see how that goes. Because at some point they might be more, again, a lot of people aren't open to changing their ways until they're ready to break where they're willing to actually inject things into their team. And so if anything, I would think about them one and three together because three might be where you get
traction, but one is where you might get traction, but three is where the most money is they're going to pay you way more money if you can save them time.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, thank you so much, Bob. That was super helpful. Thank you.
Thank you.
Awesome. Good job, Clem.
All right, last one that I am like volunteer before we open it up to the group is
lunar. And then we're going to open it up to the group. So Agent Lunar, I'm going to give you guys like eight minutes just so that we still have time for everybody else.
Hi, guys.
Okay. I'll put my time so I can be respectful of everyone's time.
Awesome. It's great to meet you, Bob. Thank you so much for
taking the time. So I'm Dominique. I'm CEO of Agent Luna. And I'm william the COO. And Agent Luna, we're closing the gap between outdated financial practices and the needs of a next-gen investor. And we do this by equipping financial firms with the tools they need to guide a new generation of investors on the wealth journey.
How do we do that? Well, as a financial digital marketing expert, we're starting there.
so i will
briefly explain to you our jobs to be done journey, which we have had
a lot of fun. I should add, Bob, we're very recent into a financial industry pivot so
I hope my first time doing that pitch landed well.
Yeah, we can talk about that. Where was it before or is this your first five? This is like your first foray into financial the financial space.
So when we joined Techstars, we initially were targeting B2C, serving Etsy sellers. So very, very different.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, we learned very quickly that this is more of a
A vitamin, not a painkiller, and they don't have the willingness to pay.
Yes.
Yep. Yep.
We started jobs to be done. Initially, we had real estate on one side because Will's background is commercial real estate, wealth management, started the process with real estate, very quickly realized that
the energy wasn't there and we're not the right people to solve it.
Yep.
So we thought, let's try out wealth management.
Loved energy was there. So that's where we're at now.
Got it. And I think that's like, to be honest, this is a very
common thing where you start to, you've got to find a group to two things, a group of people that struggle
And a group of people you care about.
Yeah.
Because if you don't care about them, you're not really going to build the best product. And the fact is they have to be struggling. And though Etsy, Etsy sellers are struggling, they're not willing to pay. They're willing to MacGyver their whole way through everything. And so the fact that it's not as well. Where most people
Like when they make money, they don't know what to do with it. And then they feel like they have to pay somebody to actually figure that out. And so ultimately they have to get and they're not getting any financial education in college or high school at all.
or very little. So most people are ill prepared for all that. So I think that's a
It's a reasonable, though it might seem like they're way off, they seem really, really close and buying a house, most people buy two or three houses in their lifetime. So it's just not
Frequent enough.
Yeah, absolutely.
Okay.
Jobs to be done process. So to give you the overview, we've now completed 13 in total. We also ran 14 discovery calls where we spoke to the investor just to, because we're creating a digital tool where we help
Yep.
firms reach then we wanted to just test that space. But I'm going to focus specifically on the jobs to be done.
The screening criteria, so specifically wealth managers and boutique private bankers who within the past six months have either hired or changed their social media marketing agency or freelance social media manager, or they recently subscribed or switched their
paid SaaS platform.
Got it.
We also have some additional criteria that they have to be active at least three times per week to promote their brand or company.
Yeah.
So there was four clusters in total. I'll quickly explain to you what those statements are, and then we can dive into which one we've chosen and whether you think that's the right one.
Yes.
So first statement was we're wasting time and missing revenue targets with
efficient execution.
really the struggling moment here was that manual processes are slowing down marketing and sales, which results in missed
revenue targets. And what we learned from this process as well is that really that moment to purchase
was that leadership was demanding an immediate action.
to streamline those KPIs. So forcing the team to invest. And I think around the motivation side, this was quite interesting because they don't socially, they don't want to be perceived as though they're failing to meet
stressed about missing those targets as well. There's a lot of cuts in banks, a lot of changeover every year.
specific quotes as well were around, you know, we just need to be faster. We're too slow to market.
yeah yeah so so part of it is, so again, it's not that it's just too hard. It's the fact that this is their ability to actually try to plan and execute
is too slow that they can't even if they say, oh, we got we got to do something by the end of next month, they're like, yeah, we can't do that.
Yep.
And so it's the aspect of they can't they just don't have the capability to execute as fast on these things and the things aren't, they're not, they're not bigger. They're actually getting smaller and faster and we can't cope.
Absolutely. Spot on.
Okay.
Number two is we can't keep operating with outdated marketing systems.
So there's a lot of legacy systems that are hindering the marketing performance and integration with modern tools. Usually what the struggling moment or the purchasing moment was really a failed campaign. There's a lot of leadership pressure
there's moments where they realize they've got to upgrade those systems
Manual processes, resource intensive
And they're just very frustrated, you know, quotes around our outdated systems are the bottleneck.
So.
Our systems don't talk to each other. It's not sophisticated. Sorry.
So this one, I just would say um
You might want to go a little deeper because one of the things that I find is like most people is kind of like putting gutters on your house.
Hmm.
Nobody really wants to do it.
But when you actually find out it's one of three reasons why people put gutters on their houses, like they're looking to sell the house.
They're actually refinancing the house or the fact is they got water in the basement. And it's like, what of those three? And you start to realize like, it's the aspect of if they had to replace them anyways, it'll get more for the house, they'll do it.
Mm-hmm.
And so this is when they say it's outdated, I think that there might be several different
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
subsets of where it's outdated because I'm looking to sell it or I'm looking to buy or I'm looking to basically, you know, make it look better than it is. And that's fine. Because again, most of these systems are 10 to 15 years old and they don't even know
Yeah.
Like they're finally looking at it going like, if I own the firm, this is where you see in law firms where they only upgrade the software right before they're going to buy or right before they're going to sell their thing. Because the only way to make it marketable was to upgrade it.
Yeah, no, it's an excellent point.
So I don't know if that's the case in two here, but I would just see if you could probe a little to see if there was some intent because nobody just
randomly fixes these things. There's got to be something that's happening that's
really causing them to say like, okay, like, am I going to lose my job
Mm-hmm.
They're so outdated that I'm going to lose my job. That's a legitimate reason.
Yeah, it's like…
But nobody's just changing it because, oh, it's old, it's time. Like, yeah, everything's old in time
Awesome.
It's an excellent point. I think largely it's that fear of the falling behind and they don't have the right tools to execute
correctly so it's limited on what they can do with marketing because they see
Okay.
you know the fear of what's happening in the market. Very quickly, because I know I only have eight minutes, Liana.
Okay, go ahead. Yep. Sorry.
Two more. Third one was I'm losing out on personalized marketing opportunities.
they felt that the marketing campaigns aren't really resonating with the clients. They're struggling to generate qualified leads as a result of that.
They see that their competitors are taking more of those clients from them.
So really they're motivated by the challenge of securing those high quality leads, but more on a functional perspective, they want to create more personalized campaigns.
to reach a younger audience and attract
that new generation of high net worth clients.
Yeah.
Just for time, because I'd love to hear your thoughts overall. Number four was our sales and marketing teams aren't aligned. There were some funny quotes here that have some naughty words, so I won't share them.
That's all right. I'm used to it. I'm from Detroit. I know the dirty words. Don't worry.
Yep.
Yeah, there was this connect between the sales and marketing teams. I know this too well as well from my time in banking, but ultimately it leads to misleads and failing to close deals efficiency. And time is everything when you're trying to close these deals. Poor collaboration and leadership are not happy with it.
So we have made the decision to go with cluster one. The reason for that is if we work backwards number four, we feel that sales and marketing teams aren't aligned. That's not something that we can
change today or tomorrow.
that it's very messy marketing and sales from a compliance perspective. The data is not
Yeah.
talk to each other. So that's not something we can solve.
Losing out on personalized marketing
personalization that lends us more into a paid ad space. Again, very difficult in banking from a compliance perspective.
Yeah. Yep.
not something you can change. Number two, you've made a good point. We feel that this
we want to go deeper to find out exactly what this means by outdated and archaic. But again, this is something that we're thinking longer term to scale to.
So number one, we feel that
we can have the most immediate impact in the sense of working on the things that they just
don't want to do because they're inefficient so we can help
increase that and take that
from them. lilliana said one minute left. So I'll pause there, Bob, because we'd love to hear you.
Yep. So I'll say I'm on the same page. I think one is going to be the easiest place to start.
Mm-hmm.
Because at some point they feel like they're wasting time and they can be very articulate. And the value proposition is going to be very straightforward. It's like, we can do this for you.
And twice the time for half the cost. And so that kind of aspect will be very easy to be able to understand and be able to design.
Because at some point, these are, again, you're competing with Excel, you're competing with the intern, you're competing with a temp agency, you're competing with a contractor of some sort. And ultimately, the real thing is, is
if they can, the thing you'll need though is a diagnostic of some sort to help them understand what, like, why are they wasting so much time?
Mm-hmm.
So being able to actually ask them a set of questions around kind of like where are the real opportunities? So once they kind of lean in, you should be prepared to ask them a bunch of questions of where they think the waste exists because this is a
simple value proposition on reducing waste.
Hmm.
And increasing speed, because that's the other thing is they might be able to reduce the waste, but they don't know how to actually increase the speed.
Okay.
That's what's…
This is super, super helpful because our new website's live tomorrow and I'm certainly going to take what you've said.
A few copywriting edits there, Bob, which are really helpful.
So again, I always start with a question. It's like, what do you need to get off your plate, but you can't?
Hmm.
I'm frantically writing this down.
Yeah, it's recorded. It's recorded.
So take it away.
Yeah. All right.
Yeah, that's why we recorded it.
Thank you, you guys.
Yeah, this is why we do it. At some point, every time we talk, you're going to want to record because it goes fast.
Yeah.
And I don't really remember what I say. It's pretty much just all stream of consciousness for me.
So you can watch this back. Okay, Agent Leonard, great job. I'm going to take you guys off the spot.
Wait, I think he has one more question. Wait.
Oh, sorry, Will. Go ahead.
I'll quickly slide one more in. I'm so sorry, Lillian.
Yeah, please, please.
It came from Annie and also Flo and Talitha's conversation with you two around credibility and legitimacy, particularly with these boutique banks and these new digital
Yep.
funds that are popping up where
Yes.
they're up against big name brands like the UBSs, JP Morgan's of the world.
Yep.
And a lot of them are wanting to get
thought leadership or things out to give that legitimacy
Is this something you've mentioned to the other guys that it's not really, it's more of a realization, not a trigger event per se, more of a pull, not a push.
Yep.
which you suggest in terms of
for us as well, just starting with this sort of audit or this diagnosis of sorts to begin with and then
Yep.
figure out what type of
Barking.
Yeah, because I think that's a that's a very good cohesive thought because I think the notion of falling behind
is in job two, like you can start to talk to people about, well, here's what the leaders are doing. Are you falling behind?
And so that aspect of having some thought leadership, but I would wait till you have some really insightful data and not be able to have stuff that like everybody else can kind of push out. And so it's these notion of it's the intimacy of these corrections you're making because
Big banks have their own ways and small banks have their own ways and they're not really compatible. So like if you talk to somebody who went from a JP Morgan or a Bank of America to like, you know, you know, Michigan Credit Union, like you're like completely different kind of resources, completely different kinds of ways of thinking about it. And ultimately, you know, the small boutique places are trying to actually figure out and they they'll have, for example, Wells Fargo as a, as
as an endorse reminder, but they're still a small shop. And so providing that insights that are going to be different will, I think will come. But I think of that as a secondary or a tertiary product that would come afterwards.
Awesome.
I think you really got to help them stop wasting time and be more effective.
Thank you so much.
All right.
Yep.
Thank you for giving me some time. Thank you.
Thank you.
So now we're going to jump into volunteers. So Monica volunteered first. I'm going to do like probably like five minutes each. At five minutes, I'll let you ask a final question, then we'll move on. That way we can do rapid fire to get through as many people who have questions or want help.
So go ahead and raise your hand in the Zoom room here, just like Cogniscope did. If you want to be added to the queue, but we're going to start with Monica.
And you can also ask Bob like anything. This is a kind of an ask me anything. You don't have to go through your clusters. It's a great opportunity to ask about the book or anything you guys want to know.
I've had people ask, how do I raise children and do startups? So like there's just like, and there's no easy answer to any of those questions, by the way, but happy to just share whatever I can.
Hi, Monica.
Hi, Bob. Nice to meet you. So my company is Seascape Clinical, and we have developed a SaaS platform that helps pharma companies run their clinical trials more efficiently through automating manual and repetitive tasks.
And so I wanted to dive deeper into one of my clusters. So our screening criteria was decision makers who've purchased a clinical trial management system or CTMS within the past one to two years.
Yes.
And so cluster one job statement is when my clinical trial portfolio expands and my CRO can't keep up with my reporting needs, I want to address this with a solution that gives me a single line of sight across my trial portfolio and allows me to manage up to senior leadership effectively.
Yep.
So we haven't.
Oh, that's great.
Surprisingly, whether you know it or not, I've actually done business in this space. I know the space really well.
Wow.
So the fact, yes, that is job number one. And I know that job.
It's okay.
Okay, that's great. And I only had an NF2 here. I did a total of six interviews, but I was a consultant in pharma. And so I've seen this firsthand several times.
Yeah, so we know it's a real problem.
Yep.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. But these people are worried about the portfolio. The fact is, is they've been doing it one-off for a while, but now it's gotten a little bit out of hand. They need to actually kind of roll things together. They're not necessarily organized to do that. It's a very cumbersome process at the end of every quarter to roll it up and kind of say where it's at. They don't really have good status report on it. And ultimately, the fact is like, we need to get a handle for the
portfolio.
Yes.
Mm-hmm.
Yep, you totally get it. So the problem is the CTMS category is very saturated. And so from the beginning of my, you know, I had a blue ocean vision strategy of like, instead of calling ourselves CTMS, we call ourselves clinical trial operations automation platform, because in our case, we're not just providing the transparency, we're also providing automation to lower
No.
the workload. The problem is when I did these jobs to be done, no one mentioned automation, no one mentioned they mentioned efficiency, but not lowering workload. So, you know, I'm kind of at an impasse, like.
That's…
I don't want to categorize myself as CTMS, but that's what they're searching for, right? So I wanted to ask you like strategically, like how should we position ourselves? How should we communicate in our marketing collateral? I mean, it's a very big question, but I just wanted to open that up.
Yeah, yeah. So to me, I have to go back to the to the real so
Okay.
So I've worked with the really, really big guys in this space, right? And so they're the ones who are kind of really at the portfolio level, but there's a lot of struggling moments at the individual
Mm-hmm.
trial level, like the notion of how do we like we need to add like the fact is, is they have certain standards for everything and the reality is there's some that can have exceptions, but they don't know what they are and they don't know how to fast track anything. And so to me, I would think about the notion of
Helping them with the exceptions to the rule as opposed to basically trying to manage. I think that the idea of
try you trying to go in and help people manage their whole portfolio
is a is is like…
Typically, they're going to be big pharma if they've got a big portfolio and they've that like
They've got big people aimed at them to help do that. It's the smaller pharma people that really you want to be able to get to who don't have a big portfolio, but they can't afford the big portfolio piece.
Right?
Small, medium, heavy.
Yes.
Yeah, so that's exactly who we interviewed and what my background is. And it's mostly in small, medium pharma. However, they still do want to look over, even if they have five trials in their portfolio, as opposed to 100, like they still want to look across all those trials.
And so the real question gets back to is what's the struggling moment that they really have because they can't see across it?
Right.
Yep.
It's the scaling. It's like going from, you know, you have like two trials or three trials and they're run by different CROs giving different formats of reports. So having five trials and just not having enough people and too much variation in CROs to look across
Ah, so this is really actually…
So the parallel here is I'm starting to scale and the wheels are starting to come off the wagon.
Yep.
And so this is where you've got to be able to say it's like, and what they're trying to say is like, we want to get bigger, but if we can't handle five, I can't get three more trials going because at some point we got, we've got to get serious about this, but we're not big enough for, let's say, metadata, but we need something in between because we can't afford metadata.
Yeah. So, okay, metadata and Viva and Salesforce and stuff, like, yeah, they're probably not looking there, but there are a lot of smaller players that still saturated at the
Yep. Yep. Yep.
smaller level they're not good. Like a lot of them are not good, but you don't know that from the marketing collateral. It always says single source of truth. It always says efficiency. So it's hard to even differentiate among, you know, in your words as well.
Yeah, so this is where they're going to ask, like you said, they're not going to ask for automation. They're going to ask for efficiency because they actually don't, I'm going to say this poorly, but they're just not smart enough to know what they need.
Yeah, no, that's true.
Yeah.
And so part of this is you have to give that you actually have to introduce them the language and make the bridge between efficiency and automation.
Yep, yep.
So you have to start to actually unpack some of those things. And to be honest, the company I would look at that's very similar to this is Intercom.
Okay.
Interconcepted this basically back in 2010, 2012.
Where they were like the simpler version of Salesforce. They were a simple version of HubSpot. They were the simpler version of Zendesk.
And so what happened is, is they basically said, you know, you all want the big guys, but the big guys don't really care about you. This is the place you can start and we'll help you migrate to the
to the bigger guys and they ended up just keeping them forever.
Okay. So do you think CTMS, like, should we even call ourselves that we have never associated ourselves with that?
name.
baggage yeah
I would stay away from it because it's got so much. They're going to try to prove that you're not one.
Yeah.
And so my thing would be is to say is like, no, we're almost…
We're the half step before you go to metadata.
Okay.
Yep.
And so think of it as like, again, you might be ready for metadata, but you're not ready for the price. And then what you do is you price yourself 80,
60 to 80% of what metadata is and they'll buy you as the first thing. And then what you do is you assure that they can transition to metadata
very easily, though most people won't do it because once it gets in, it's hard to get out.
Yep, it's true. Okay, thank you. That validates what we've been doing. Yep.
That helps?
Awesome. Thanks, Monica. We're going to go to Cognisco.
Hey, Bob, thank you very much for the insights. I'm finding this very helpful. Thank you for sparing the time. Coding scope is basically a psychometric data analysis platform for video games. And my question is, I have two really quick questions. The question number one is.
We are at this position where the struggling moment and the buying decision power is not shared between the people that will interact with the buying decision of the thing
Yes. Yes.
What do you think about that? How do we navigate that?
So this is, and what my my stupid example is if when I worked for mattel
And if I design the toys that parents wanted, kids would never play with it.
And if I design the toys that I wanted, like a flamethrower, my parents would never buy it.
So somehow you have to find like you in this case, sometimes you have to actually be the interpreter between the two and kind of go like, look, you want this and you want that. Here's where your common space is. This is how we can help.
My mistake was as I started design for the users
And then I got nobody to buy it. And then I designed it for the buyers and then the users just had a hard time using it. And so you got to actually think about both the buyer and the user as separate jobs, separate sets of jobs.
And be able to align then where or show where they're misaligned
Right. Like the parents want something that the kid's going to learn
The kids could give a shit if they learn anything or not.
And so part of it is, is how do we actually talk about the right set of features of, oh, this is emerging. This is this. So we actually have the same product, but we talk about it completely differently to the kid and to the parent.
Does that help?
Okay. Yes, very much. And then.
The follow-up to that would be, I saw when you were talking about collapse clusters, we were talking about
Yes. Yes.
Yeah.
Yes. Yeah.
the imbalance between the amount of push and the pull that there was in one of their clusters. So when we're looking at it from our perspective, when we have two different segments or two different screening criterias where we have to do separate jobs in interviews for, and then find some alignment between the clusters, how do we incorporate
Yeah.
Yep.
the forces into that? Do we put all the forces into a single thing and then try to work oh my god you did some magic here
All right. That's a very high score.
I'm going to do this and then we're going to do this. And there we go hi
And then the same questions
Yeah. And then the same question goes along for the energies as well, like the social functional and the emotional energy side of things.
And I'm going to say there's, let's say, job A, job B
Job C and job d right
And this is where, and I didn't say I use your job, I have jobber one, job two, job three, just so we know that these are different.
user jobs than they are buyer jobs. There might be three and four or four and three and whatever.
But ultimately, you start to realize like people who are buying this way don't have users here or here.
And so you know that this buyer has these skewed towards this job where job A might actually do all of them, but they might not do job three.
And so you start to realize like at some point there is an alignment between the people who are buying the people who are using.
And that you need to figure out kind of almost like what are out of bounds and then where's the place to start? And so to me, it'd be like, I want to start at this one and I'm going to start at this one.
And the rest of them I'm going to figure out. But if I do these two, this will help me basically get…
This will help me get this thing this way and it will help me get this one maybe that way. And so it's being able to understand where is the most
And I think about as where's the most push? So like you could think of pushes and pulls in here
And basically think of
pushes and pulls of the other and kind of say like, what does this really look at from a buying situation? Because it turns out like, even though there's 16 possible ways it happens, in reality, it only happens three or four different ways.
And so that's where we have to look at not
permutations and combinations, but more like the patterns of how did people actually buy it and how did they end up using it?
And then you can actually kind of match that up.
This is why B2B is so much harder than B2C because B2C is the buyer and the user are the same person.
So it's more work, but like this will be insightful to realize like we're going to start here and we're going to start here. And then basically from that, we're going to see whether we want to like really dominate job one over all of these
user jobs or do we want a job you know take a job
buyer user A and basically dominate this way.
And then a really quick question, I guess we have time, right?
Okay.
Yeah, yeah. Keep asking, tell lilliana tells you no, you just keep asking.
Yeah.
Cool, cool, cool.
A question that's solely not related to this do you think
Yes.
that there is a time for like jobs to be done is basically trying to find the demand side of things, right? Do you think that in an entrepreneurial journey.
Yeah, yeah.
there's a point where it's too early for someone to do jobs. This is not something that we feel for my team, but this is something that popped into my mind when I read the demand side sales.
Yeah, yeah. So the thing is, is that what I would tell you is the reality is, is I believe that the jobs are actually more static through space and time.
So like if I look at a job I saw today, I saw it 20 years ago and I can see it 20 years from now.
And so most jobs actually have
have longevity to it of like, help me be more efficient help me
Help me help me do more with less, right? It's been around forever.
It's the underlying context around it that changes.
And ultimately, as an entrepreneur, it could be too early because you don't have a product yet.
But the way I would end up doing it is talking to people
who would fight what would they, if your product comes out
what would people fire?
If you were there already.
And so, for example, I've worked on at Facebook at the time it was Facebook. It was a Facebook marketplace.
And we found people on Messenger selling shit.
Like somebody's selling their drums on Facebook Messenger.
like they did a post and then you can see the message and you're like, wait, what's going on here?
And so what we end up doing is going, well, maybe we could turn this into a platform to do transactions. So we went and literally interviewed
Three different types of people. Well, three.
people who basically set up accounts on etsy
eBay and Craigslist.
So what job does this, are you setting this up for? And what are you trying to do for the sellers?
And then we did the same thing for the buyers. And out of it, we figured out everything we needed to do and all the struggling moments and literally built Facebook marketplace without in one shot. It was $4 billion out of the hat in the first year.
And what we did is we just said, if we're doing this really well, people won't go to eBay. They won't go to Craigslist. They won't go to Etsy. They'll come to Facebook.
And it's turned into being more like a Craigslist competitor than anything else, but it's still, it's a way in which to learn about what you need to build.
You could say you were too early to do jobs, but what I would tell you, you're too early to do jobs on your product, but you can do
You can do jobs around the analogous products that people are going to stop using.
Yeah, I'll give you a minute warning in a sec.
All right.
Yep. Good.
Great. That's perfect. Okay.
I have a follow-up question there.
Yes.
Okay.
I can't believe it took this long to get them to do
Wait, I need to see Neil. Neil, keep your camera on. I feel like you're 10 years younger, man. Who's this young Neil, man?
Wait, what did I do?
You're motivating me to shave my beard, for God's sakes. I can't believe it.
Look, I'll come to Detroit. We'll…
Let's do it together.
My wife hates it when I shave my beard, but I'm going to tell you you did it so I get to do it.
All right.
lilliana, can I ask one quick follow up?
Look at that. Wow.
Yeah, go ahead, Jake. I'll add you to the
Group here.
Yes.
I don't need to be up here. But Bob, I have a question there. So if you're interviewing people who have used a product that's analogous to yours, do you recommend interviewing success journeys or fire journeys?
The thing is, is if you get a fire journey, like people who fired Etsy, right? It's the it's the notion of I'm going to get the reason why they hired and the reason why they fired it. So I'll get two stories.
So.
Where would you start, though? So like if you're very early stage, right? You don't
I'd start with why people hired Etsy. I would start with the hires first.
And are happy with the outcome.
That's right. And then find out the fighters. The way I think about growth is it's a two-sided coin. I got to get more people to stay and I got to get less people to leave.
right and so i gotta and I usually start by how to get more people in. And then I started to work on the leaky bucket.
Cool. All right, Newt.
Five minutes.
Hey, Eric, how are you?
So thank you so much for all of this all of these questions that I had, I've already gotten answered. So it's nice. So about
That's awesome. Thank you.
about us. So we're health blocks. We're trying to build a platform that allows healthcare stakeholders to build solutions easily. And we do it by allowing them to build it around the patient's health record and make it actionable. So data in healthcare is siloed. We're trying to bridge that gap
by allowing people to build journeys that are centered around it.
I think…
Based on what you said, I'm in.
All right.
Like I have so much health data that I have to integrate it myself right now.
So please.
Uh-huh.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's the ask. That's the challenge that we've taken on. So primarily, we have traction right now with telehealth companies that are trying to monetize their business around the health record. And we have traction with service companies that provide services to doctors and they want to use the data
that they already have for the patient within the electronic health record.
My question is primarily to do with doing jobs properly when it comes to
stakeholders that are meant to champion your product.
Yes.
And you need to get into their emotional cues a little bit. So what tends to happen is what we have encountered is people tend to box up a little bit because I mean, when it comes to the emotional energies that you have to get into on the B2B side, so they're like.
I'm not really comfortable talking that way about my boss or the person that's going to make that decision for me.
Yeah.
So we've gotten some key insights where like one of the people that is leading operations was like, hey.
You know about me, I'm 62 years old. I want to retire.
So I just want a solution that's convenient.
Yep.
Yes. Yep.
But whenever it comes to somebody that has to champion it because they're the user, so they can talk about it, but a champion
I don't really get into the motivations really well. So how do you navigate that would be my question.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the way that I try to navigate it, and again, I start by talking to people who recently bought something similar.
And ultimately, what I want to do is I actually, I was talking with Ryan Singer about this this morning is we need to do like a stakeholder map
to understand who are the people that are involved in the decision making
And ultimately, you want to find, there's usually only one, maybe sometimes two, but think about the person who's willing to take the political risk to put something new in.
everybody else
is literally there to say no.
And there's usually only one person there to say yes.
Mm-hmm.
And so what you want to do is start to like think of it as being, you want to extract the real story of how that new product got into that place.
Because the reality is, is nine out of 10 people did not want it.
Mm-hmm.
And so what you have to do is realize I have to talk to the person who actually is the fuel. They're the push and the pull of why they want it. And then you need to actually ask about what are the anxieties that the rest of the team had because
It's not that the team has to say yes.
The team just has to say not no.
Hmm.
And so when you start to look at it from a perspective of like, how do I get everybody to say yes, you're screwed because not everybody's going to say yes.
But not everybody's going to say no either. So this is where you have to understand where are the thresholds where people are going to say no. And that's all you really need to learn about.
Because at some point, most of the people will never take the risk to put it in, but they're more about the anxiety forces of why we shouldn't do it.
And why we shouldn't do it now.
And so ultimately hearing
And so this is where I would start the conversation to say like, all right, look.
I don't want to know names. I don't want to know products. I just want to hear the story.
Like in all its glory of what what happened. Because at some point I need to know the social and emotional pieces because
If I just talked to you about the functional pieces of what has to happen for you to buy the product.
We're going to get some of it, but we all know hospitals are very emotional.
This is all a very emotional thing. And so ultimately, what in the world were you putting at risk to put this in?
And they'll tell you, but you got to start the story from the emotional and social perspective as opposed to tell me how you bought this product.
And if you can build that rapport fast enough
They'll tell you way more than you think they will.
about the emotional stuff. And again.
The way I kind of set it up is to say like, I don't really need to know names of who was against it, who was for it. It's more, I just want to know that there was a person in a department that basically had these objections that you had to overcome.
I think one question, like just to follow up on like what Cognoscope also mentioned
then
how do we find our way to the person that said yes? Because if I'm talking to the wrong person who was
part of the journey, but wasn't the decision maker.
How do I make the transition?
Yes. They'll have no emotion tied to it. They're like, I signed the check.
Mm-hmm.
Like, well, who told you to sign a check oh you
Julie told me to sign the check.
Well, what did Julie say? Okay, we got to get to Julie.
Because there's somebody making the case. You're trying to find out who's the person making it like
So the way I would really look at this is
no product ends up randomly in anybody's company.
Mm-hmm.
It's just like, it doesn't like magically appear. There's shit that has to happen. And so if we can actually figure out like, how did this product end up in your company?
And start with that conversation. That might be that you're starting too formally and you need to start more informally. Like, how did this get here?
Hmm.
I'm going to play Sherlock Holmes and I'm going to go like, what in the heck? How does this get into your system when literally 90% of the stuff that you try to buy, you can't even buy?
That's so true. That's so true.
And so here's the thing is there's a couple of reasons why I hate the medical field
It's a very hard field because at some point in time, it's actually run more by the legal than the medicine people.
In my opinion, that's my opinion.
And so what you realize is that like going to the doctor, like I take care of my mother-in-law
And one of the things is like going to the, my mother-in-law can't understand one word the doctor says. And then I have to actually understand and interpret it for her. And it's all of these different things. But yet I can't get the doctor to say anything in practical terms because they're too afraid of the risk.
And so this is where, again, you might have to have the conversations literally off the record or in some way being able to get because they don't want to get caught
And complaining about something.
So this is where you go, you know what, I'm going to turn off the recorder. Let's talk about this and don't record it.
And that sign of not recording
helps you basically build the trust to say like, you can tell me because I just want to hear, I need to hear the truth because
The thing that most of these people will tell you is if we don't learn the truth, we can't figure out how to help you.
And so they're going to want to tell you the truth so you can actually build something for them.
Okay, that's our time here.
Lincoln.
That's golden. Yeah. Thanks, Bob. Just wanted to say that the book changed my life. I was just so afraid of sales and technical in nature
Oh.
But I just wanted to thank you for that like yeah
Yes.
Yeah, when you reframe it as helping people, it's just so it's so much fun to do. The problem is that the management pushes us to have a quota on it. And the reality is like, I could always beat my quota because all I end up doing is helping people. It's way easier than you think it is. So that's great. I'm glad that was helped.
Thanks so much.
That's really nice. Okay, George, you're nice.
Hey, George.
Oh, thanks. Hey, Bob. This is fantastic. Thank you so much.
I agree with what Nirat was saying, all the books and
all the extra content that we've got here is uh
incredible stuff so um yeah so
Hmm.
Bob, sorry to interrupt. George is also, he lives in Japan.
So he's pretty familiar out there.
Yeah. How long are you going to be there for, Bob?
When are you leaving?
Got it. I'm headed to Japan in December, so maybe we can connect for a beer in Tokyo.
Yeah, yeah. When are you leaving Japan coming back
I leave, I think I get there like the sixth or the seventh. I don't know, whenever…
Hmm.
The demo day is, I'm going to do it the day after that and then I'll be there that entire week. And then I come home the 13th.
Oh, okay. I might…
You might not be here. Yeah.
Fingers crossed. I might be in New York at that point for a day but
That's all right. I get back to Japan at least once a quarter now, so I'll be there quite often these days.
Yep. Yep.
Oh, amazing. Please, I'll definitely keep in touch and ask you because that'd be so cool.
So yeah, so George, the founder of Noetic, and we're building an AI agent that bridges your company and market and enables or by enabling an ongoing conversation with your customers, with your market. So
Okay.
What I've got is a kind of more of a tactical question so
Mm-hmm.
I've had a really, really hard time
finding my
meeting my screening criteria and finding
Yeah.
the people who've
This is the thing, because George has been helping me and we were on a call yesterday together and he's been really helpful with helping with the message yesterday.
But I find it
what I'm thinking now tactically is to find these people who
have purchased a competing or a similar product and
as George said, either stopped using or started using
Definitely, yeah.
Because it's so difficult, like the hunt, as Neil calls it, maybe going through like
review sites or something, would you recommend that to try and find people who definitely purchased
So the thing with reviews is like
I feel like when you look at reviews like on Amazon, they give it a two star because, you know, it arrives late. Had nothing to do with the product.
Hmm.
So you have to be careful about reviews.
So one of the things that I'll tell you is is
Think about it almost in a larger, like, so who are you selling to
So right now my screen criteria is consumer insight managers within larger organizations
who within the last six months have purchased a
qualitative research.
automation tool.
And there's no extra. I removed the extra, like they should have faced business impacts.
I'm trying to be a bit more broad because it was very targeted hard to
Yeah. So when I,
Okay.
it almost feels too granular, like qualitative research automation kind of thing
Hmm.
Like one of the places I might start is just talk to consumer insights managers and say, what are the top three tools you've bought recently and why did you buy them?
Okay.
True.
Because my belief is you'll learn way more from understanding because it's almost like their buying process for all of it isn't going to be the same, but it might be one is about speed and one is more about growth and another one's about something else. And then you can start to look at how you can position your product to fit in one of those categories. But almost take it a little bit higher. So like, for example.
When we started at Salesforce, one of the things we did is we just started to interview people
We'd say CRM and people would like they were Siebel. But ultimately what we did is we talked to big organizations and when they bought any new
multifunctioned piece of software. An ERP, a CRM, any of that stuff. And once we actually found out kind of like how they bought it, then we could actually then figure out the way to sell it.
Hmm.
Because they bought all these big systems in a very similar way and it didn't really matter whether it was a CRM or whether it was accounting or whether it was strategy. They were all cross-functional tools and they bought in a very similar way.
That makes a lot of sense. That really maps onto what I was starting to feel as well. So thank you. Thank you.
Yeah. So it's not wrong to think about it, but the fact is one signal I'd say is qualitative research automation is like, that's your words, not theirs, because if they're not resonating with it, they don't know what that means.
Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think a consumer insight managers they
then market researchers essentially so they wouldn't own it. I mean, you're a market researcher too, aren't you so
Yeah.
you could probably glean what I'm talking about from that. But yeah, it's too, as you say, too granular so
Yeah, it's not wrong to start there because you want to be there, but like you have to realize like what this is the the
Sure.
the facts that it's telling you is the language you're using isn't resonating. And let's start with, because again, I think consumer insight managers need they have
Hmm.
In my belief, they have too many tools and they don't know which ones to buy. They don't know how to get rid of them. They need almost like the
the app would say, what do you subscribe to so we can stop the subscription? Because my belief is they have subscriptions to 20 things they don't use, right?
And so…
Yeah, I like that. That's cool. Yeah, you know it. You definitely know it. That is a problem. They buy things. They're spending all this money every year and no one uses them. And it's like a huge headache. They hate SaaS now.
Yeah. Hmm.
Well, they got to learn it and they got turnover and it's like all those kind of things. So my thing is, is.
like I would actually just, I'd actually start a little higher and go like, what are the struggling moments that Consumer Insight Manager have
Hmm.
And then if we can understand the two or three tools that they bought recently that you could say and why they bought them, you can then kind of figure out how you would actually kind of slot yours in there.
Okay, this is brilliant. Thank you so much.
Yep.
Yeah, I think that's a great answer. So I'll leave the time for other people.
Cheers, Bob.
Thank you. Thanks.
Okay, perfect, George. Thank you.
All right, Annie. And then if anyone else has a question, we'll still have time for one or two more. So go ahead and raise your hand if
If you have a burning question, go ahead, Annie.
Yes. So something that you said to Monica triggered a question to me because
Yes.
We hadn't really thought about bringing it into our marketing, but a lot of our first customers are smaller companies, so small to medium size social media platforms that are looking to grow to bigger. And I think one of the reasons why they work with us, and I want to dig more into this on jobs to be done is
Yeah.
Because they are smaller and they feel like these bigger data annotation companies just don't care about them at all and don't focus in on like their needs. So would you advise bringing like leaning into that and bringing that into the marketing or is that, or because I know that some sites like
have like different verticals for small businesses, for big businesses. But as our go to market strategy, should we just lean into, you know, the fact that we serve these medium sized platforms?
I think I would lean into that. And to be honest, I would so
This is going to sound a little strange, but in the
early stages, I just want to eliminate more than I include.
Yeah.
So it's like, who am I going to eliminate? And it's like, all right, we're not going to talk to them. Okay, let's see. Let's go investigate these. Are these people in or out? And it's like being able to kind of, but I think it's really important in the beginning. We have way better language to talk about what's out than what's in.
And as you get closer and closer and you get clearer and clearer, then you can talk about what's in and how good it has to be.
Okay, so by what when you mean by language, you talk about what's in, that would be the we serve
Yep.
medium size because we do X, X and X.
That's right. Because yeah, exactly. And then ultimately the fact is, is like, we don't serve these people because they have this and that they have these needs that we're not going to basically be able to get to.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yep.
Because the thing is, is what's going to happen is somebody's going to come that's going to be outside the scope and then you're going to bend over backwards and then it really screws up your entire roadmap. And if you can eliminate them now and say like, it's not no forever, but for the next 24 months, we're focused on this. And if somebody comes along, here's what we're going to do because
it will happen and you want to make sure that you're not distracted.
Yes. Yeah, I think that's happened before. So it's kind of cool to know like that there's a
framework to kind of push those to the side or just say not not now
Good, thanks.
Okay, cool. Well, that's super helpful. Thank you.
Yep.
Awesome. Does anyone else have any final questions? Otherwise, we can turn the time to Bob for some final thoughts.
Yeah, based on everything you heard, Bob, any general read or feedback for the group?
Well, first I have a question for the team.
I want to get some feedback on George.
Has George been helpful for you guys?
We'll ask the founders, how's George doing guys this is
That's what I'm saying, George.
He is a legend, Bob.
He's what?
George is so good. Is he here? Where is George?
Yeah, he's on the call right now.
Hey, George.
I'm here.
It's all right. I just want to know, like, tell me why. So sorry, I'm going to embarrass him, but I don't care
What do you mean he's so good? What is he good at?
so on point, like he understands jobs and he's like so helpful, so sincere like yesterday honestly
Well, more than me, George, Father George.
Yeah, and just like, yeah.
Yeah, he's F.
brings good energy, so professional good dude
Yep.
Bob's not going to settle with that. He wants specifics. He wants to know like
Yeah, okay. Okay.
Pabloom, okay.
So that's what I call Pablum language. It's all nice, but what the fuck does that mean?
Sorry, problem leads into. So yesterday, like George and I were
on the jobs to be done call. I had done let's say
five of them before, completely wrong. I knew it. I didn't know why
George was able to basically sit there with me and guide. We sat together in the room, guide back and forth and like it finally started to click also jake
Yeah.
Jake and Neil, like you guys as well, some of the things you said really made sense too. But yeah, like it's finally starting to click and now I've got more info, but
it's been so hard to overcome
the inertia of inertia
the kind of old ways yeah and george is like very good at sort of gently uh
Thank you.
saying, guiding me back in the right direction because
I mean, he wouldn't say it, but…
That's so
you could probably tell I was not on point with it.
So one of the reasons why I bring this up is I think you should do this as a group more often is the fact is everybody has imposter syndrome. I have imposter syndrome.
And the fact is, is at some point, George knows these things, but he needs to hear that he knows these things and he's been helpful.
At the same time, we all need that feedback. We all need to know that we're doing the right things. We're making the best decisions we can. And ultimately, I'm pulling George out because I know him, but I would say anytime you guys have an all hands, you need to pick somebody and just celebrate them.
Because it's like everybody here doesn't feel like they should be here, but everybody should be here.
That makes sense.
Thank you, George.
George, can you tell, yeah, George Hengel, can you tell me what it's been like to be there?
Yeah, thanks, Bob. And thanks, George.
It's been amazing, a culture shock at first. I was in a completely different industry and, you know, quit my job and made a few moves, but
the learning, the way everything is taught and then
being able to see it applied at 12 different businesses with 20 different types of people is uh
Invaluable, invaluable for sure. It's been great.
So I just want to, I'm going to do this. You guys can't see this. This is my next book called Job Moves.
And what I've been doing is I've been studying what like think about is what causes people to quit your company.
Or what causes people to quit any company? And how do they choose when they're going to go somewhere else?
And so the reason why George is here is George and I sat down about a year ago and started going through this process about what is George good at? What does George suck at?
Where does he really want to go? What does he want to do? What gives him energy? What sucks his energy? And we took almost a whole year to inventory all these things while he's literally at the shittiest job in the world.
But the reality is, is trying to actually figure out kind of like, and to be honest, I wanted to stay as long as possible because I wanted to have
almost like to feel the pain of like, this is what it's like when you don't make good decisions.
And so ultimately he was able to kind of frame it out. And to be honest, he went and said, like, I'm going to quit this job. I'm going to get a side job, but I'm going to actually go here to Techstars because this is where I want to be.
And ultimately he had to talk to liliani, had to talk to Neil, he had to talk to everybody else to get in. But the notion is, is like at some point.
He's somebody who's exactly where he should be and doing exactly what he should do. And that's why he's so good at this.
This is actually not work for him is my belief.
And so this is the way I want you to start to think about as you start to scale up
The fact is, is you need to think of employees as your job as the employer is to help them make progress while they help you make progress.
And you need to reflect on that.
And so when this book comes out, I'll make sure I'm ship a set of books to you, Neil, so everybody will get a copy of it. But I want you to read it not only like my belief is you became an entrepreneur for a reason. It's important to know why. And that's part of what this is, but it's also to know why people would join your startup so you can understand how to help them.
Because I think, George, what eventually will be a founder, but the reality is he's not ready to be a founder now. And so this is actually a really good half step for him to learn how to be a founder and help and do what he loves to do already.
That's why it's like it feels natural for him to be there, but the reality is like, it was a lot of design decisions we did to get there.
So I just wanted to make sure you shared like you need to understand Neil, or I'm sorry uh
George is a very special person, but at the same time, the reality is like everybody's special, but you need to take the time to figure out what motivates you.
That's my closing talk.
Anything else?
I'm out here dropping threes like Steve Kerr.
Yeah, geez.
Yeah.
Oh, I got one more question for you.
Yes, sir.
That was awesome, Bob, first of all, man, you're one of one, my friend.
I love to do this just one after. By the way.
Yeah, I know. I know.
Would anybody want to do this one-on-one or did you all enjoy yourself watching this for two hours?
you got to be careful, Bob. They're all going to take you up on that. I'm just letting you know.
Well, no, that's what I'm saying. I was looking forward to this and being in person that it was like, oh, my God. And then when I couldn't do it, I'm like, I'm only going to get, because I know I'd get another four hours with everybody.
So we might have to figure out another time to do that.
Yes, yes. So we'll rope you in.
Yep.
Yeah, yeah. And by the way, Bob, I know you probably know this, but this is our first ever San Francisco program. So this is the first time we've ever done San Francisco. So this is the inaugural group here. They're really special.
And I can tell you that based on the previous ones we've done, this group has jobs down
probably at least
50% better than the other ones. You've doubled down on it in some way, and I don't know really what it is, but I can tell that these people understand jobs in a very different way than the previous cohorts.
And it could be the people, it could be
We're trying to get better every time.
Yep, that's right.
Yep.
Yep. So my last question for you with three minutes left is you have seen
Literally, thousands of companies
Mm-hmm.
both fail and succeed. So what patterns at the earliest stage right now, given what you've seen with this group.
What do you think they need to hear?
that will separate the successes from the failures.
Yep. I'll say this. The first thing is you need to fall in love with your customer and their problem.
And literally be prepared like
to abandon your product.
Because I think the notion is that the more you can actually because
What I'll tell you is sometimes the products are just so simple
And we want to make them more complicated. And when we look at the simplest solution for the customer, it'll come out. And so the thing is, is we're pivoting a lot, but the reality is, is the more you can be constant on what's the problem you're trying to solve for whom.
I think the fact is it becomes easier to then learn how to pivot.
Most people have big pivots because they can't make it work and they're so locked in on the technology that they can't then find the place to make it work. And my thing is, is I think it's more important to find a place to work first and what to work on.
then what we should be doing.
So that's my big two cents.
On that one.
They needed the cool uncle to say it. So thank you.
Yep. And to be honest, if you really don't like your clients, I'm going to tell you, you should change.
Yes.
Like my son came to me and said, Dad, I have a great idea. I want to do automation for medical device or for physicians to do their
You know, this is like three years ago. I'm like, okay, do you care for doctors? He goes, not really. I said, at some point in time, you're going to be selling to office managers. Do you like office managers? No, I don't. I'm like, okay.
Though it's a great idea, the fact is if you don't like these people, you're never going to succeed at it.
Game on.
Right? Amon.
So.
All right.
Anything this group can do for you, Bob, how can we support you other than buy your book?
Because I'm going to send everybody a book as soon as it comes out.
just just so, so, so, so one of the things that was very interesting is I went on a trip recently
And I started to look at the coaching tree.
Which is, who are my students and what are they doing now?
And to be honest, all I ask is that you pay it forward. Jake is here because he's paying it forward.
George is here because he's paying it forward. Like I told him, he can't pay me back, but he needs to help 10 people with this book. Like, so he's out there helping people that Jake is doing the same. And so my thing is, is all I ask is that you pay it forward and you help as many, at least 10 more people
for every person that's helped you, you helped 10.
Yep.
That's my goal. That's it.
All right.
This has been great. lilliana, you want to bring us home?
Caregiving.
I mean, that was great. I'm so proud of all of you guys like to have such a glowing view from Bob.
That is awesome. That's number
Bye.
Yeah, and I don't give a, George will tell you this. I don't give out compliments easily so
No.
Yes, thank you.
Yep.
Yep. Yep.
He's never said that about one of our classes when we have this. So I'm very, very happy. So thank you guys, our founders, for all the work you've put in. Bob, thank you so much for your time. I'm so excited you're going to be able to come to demo day. This is your first one out in the Bay, right? I think you've been to one in Chicago and this will be your second.
Yep.
That's so exciting. Okay, cool. Well, follow up with us if you want more details so you can book your travel and talk to you soon.
You got it. Cool. Thanks, everybody.